So when you first open our page, it generates
a lot of text which gives context as to why we
created this project and some background
to our data and where we obtained it.
So here is our visualization for our user and
it is composed of three parts, with the first
part being the main visualization here that
graphs different economic indicators over time.
Looking at its percent of its maximum value,
and some cool features of our graphs would be
a tooltip that gives the instantaneous date
and value of wherever the user wants to look
at. It has these grey bars here which indicate
recessions so this will allow for our user to see
the patterns of the different indicators and
how they lead to a recession. And another cool
feature would be the slider. So let's say our user
wants to take a closer look at the for example,
the economic recession of 2001. The user can
just select and brush the time frame at what
they want to look at and it updates the main vis
and gives the user a closer look at the visual.
Our next visualization is here on the right
which graphs each indicator individually so
it changes with the dropdown menu and again its
over the same span of years and each indicator
has a different y-value that correlates
with the indicator and how it's measured.
And when selecting from the dropdown,
not only does it change the graph here,
but it changes the text down below which
pretty much tells the user for example,
what PPI is and how it can lead to a
potential recession. Thank you guys!